# Libft

    This software is a basic library of all-purpose functions in the C language
    that must be able to perform and embody a synthesis, where individual 
    components come together to form a more complex and versatile whole. 
    This process mirrors the concept of emergence, where the total entity
    possesses properties its parts do not have on their own.

    For more informations, see the Wiki:

    https://github.com/fporciel2/Libft/wiki

## License    

    A basic library of all-purpose functions in the C language,
    designed as a Swiss army knife for various uses.

    Copyright (C) 2024  Federico Porciello

    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

    Libft  Copyright (C) 2024  Federico Porciello

    This program comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.
    This is free software, and you are welcome to redistribute it
    under certain conditions.

    See the GNU General Public License for more details.
    
    fporciel@student.42roma.it
    
## Introduction
    
Libft is a comprehensive library of all-purpose functions in the C language. 
Designed to serve as a Swiss army knife for programmers, Libft includes a wide
array of functionalities catering to various needs. The goal is to create a
robust, versatile library that aligns with the GNU standards, and POSIX
extensions, accommodating all the related data types.

This library is designed to result in transformative work (whether this is 
succeeding is not for its author to judge): while this transformation is not
a way to reinvent the wheel, it is anyway an attempt to review-by-learning the
production of standard C libraries, reiterating the role of creative labor and
praxis in the production of valor through the interwining of theory and 
material action.

A C library for personal use, like a standard C library, must serve as an
interdisciplinary nexus and a user-friendly framework for the human-computer
interaction in programming, representing the ideal of unity achieved by 
diversity. From this point of view, the concept of this library is rooted in a
material dialectic where the physical interaction between energy and matter is
defined by a consciousness channeled through functions.

## Technical Considerations

The goal is to align the library with the GNU Standards and POSIX extensions,
as a commitment to freedom, collaboration and sharing of knowledge and
resources, with an emphasis on the collective improvement of tools for the
common and universal good.

With this, we try to pay some attention to the following aspects:

- Modularity: functions are designed to be independent and reusable, 
facilitating their integration into various applications. This approach
reflects the concept of a change and an interaction among components that lead
to the development of higher forms of organization.

- Efficiency: functions are designed to improve performance and memory usage
in order to achieve physical energy conservation.

## Project Status
As of now, Libft is in the early stages of development.

## Contributing
Contributions through forks are welcome.

## Acknowledgments
Thanks to the 42 Network for the learning experience related to the development
of this library.
